OK, then I'll trust you again.
I'll go see if it's true
you
Why don't you want to marry me?
I'm really moved to hear you say that
But we are not from the same world after all
Why not someone from the same world?
No reason.
Maybe my heart belongs to someone else
It seems that you still like Zhang Shuai
OK
It's deeply ingrained.
Fine
Since some things cannot be forced
I'll give up
I wish you find your own happiness
I'll see you at the Regal then.
If you know the name Qing Dynasty
Ann's waiter is Zhan Shuai
What will happen to you?
Zhan Shuai really came to Jinhai
Do you live here?
Otherwise, there is no need to tell this lie in love
Warrior, do you really live here?